Any questions about statements and
expressions and how you can use them for
automatic return in functions or
if branches like this?
>> The last expression would be
the return then it sounds like.
>> Right, yeah.
So if I wanted,
I could put other stuff
in this block above this.
And that would be the same thing as it
would be the function where like the,
the last expression in there would be
automatically become the result of
the whole branch.
>> If a function contains
more than one expression,
then also can we still do this?
>> Great question.
Yeah,
if a function contains more than one
expression also can you do this.
So basically the rule is you can have as
many statements as you want in a row,
and then after that one final expression.
But if you tried to put like,
here's an expression,
then here's another expression,
you get a compiler error.
So it has to be like a bunch of statements
followed by an expression at the end
that's just sort of hanging out.
Then that last expression right there,
that's sort of the last
thing in the function.
That's what gets turned to
the automatic return and
it's the same thing
inside these if blocks.
>> Would you want to specify explicitly
a return statement if you were trying to
make an early return?
>> Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, if you want to do an early return,
then you do need to use
the return keyword for that.
But if you want, you can do an early
return and then still at the end
have like the default return use
the expression style, that's totally fine.
But yeah, if you wanna do an early return,
either you need to do that or you need
to do something like this where you have
conditionals like throughout the function.
You never need to use the return keyword,
you can always express
the same thing without it.
But yeah, early returns generally
use the return keyword for that.
>> For the comparison,
I'm guessing that it takes that type
into account like a string of 1.1.
Would it be false if it was
compared to a float of 1.1?
>> That's even better you
would get a type error.
So if you tried to compare if
the string foo is greater than one,
it would just not compile.
>> And then the second question was
kind of setting these variables of
conditional statements.
Can you then like pass these around
like in the string interpolation?
>> Sure yeah, if you want to [LAUGH].
>> Yeah that's awesome.
>> Yeah, so actually this entire if like
starting from the INF to this close curly
brace, that whole thing is an expression.
So you can just pick it up and
drop it anywhere you want.
[LAUGH]
>> Can that be used for
knowledge coercion?
>> Great question.
Can that be used for knowledge coercion,
RUSS actually does not have
a concept of null or undefined or
any similar kinds of coercion.
We'll see how, like the alternative
that it has when we get to EOMS.
But basically those are no nil undefined,
anything like that RUSS does not have it.